Meddler - Software to manipulate, disrupt, or cause issues with mass surveillance platforms

This is being developed with two major examples.  It'll be for manipulating the NSA, or GCHQ taps.  I will focus on resources, and examples of both.



Overview:

The point is to replay specific sessions which are intended on manipulating these surveillance programs.

They monitor TCP/IP connections over taps, so if we spoof both sides then we are fine.
If we wish to notice when the NSA injects (Fox Acid) web hacks into our connections, then we need to have control of at least the client side.
If we are just wanting to inject sessions for exhausting government resources, then we can spoof any sites all day long.

1) Monitor our connections to some websites
2) Use tcpreplay to split up the pcaps to client, and server
3) edit the pcaps (maybe dump each packet separately for editing)
4) fix checksums
5) transfer the packets to servers on both sides of the tap
6) replay the sessions (requires root since we are spoofing)


I'll start with the capturing, and separation of packets.  I'll look for software to split apart the packets afterwards so that they can be easily modified for changing names, e-mails, etc.

The way to load, and insert profiles should come next.  Once some major sites are captured then macros can be created for each site for automatically injecting certain profiles spoofing possibly wanted people, or targets.

Various messages which can be automatically generated, or wrote my people which will contain things that should set off alarms on these surveillance programs will be required next to replace the macros very quickly.. this will allow inserting millions of false sessions very quickly...

The overall goal is to have a network of a few hundred machines, and it can automaticaly pick and choose IP addresses, and sites and replay on both sides of the tap so that they all appear to be real..

-----

2-3) editing pcaps, or separation to prepare for injection

tcpreplay-edit will edit packets as its replaying.. this is good for source, and destination addresses
but an edit to allow content modification is important as well.. for HTTP it will have to modify the Content-Length, and other options

tcpprep will separate packets into client, server..

the server response might not matter much for a lot of social networks, etc.. because it could be AJAX connections
so the same server response might be similar (something acknowledging, and saying OK it went fine)

so the client might be the most important role.. the good thing is the it makes it easier when doing millions of hits to their networks

4-5)
tcpreplay-edit will fix checksums as its writing to the wire..


6) needs another app which sits as a daemon and waits for instructions on what to distribute...
in the begining this can be as simple as getting a pcap, knowing whether its client/server, and injecting

in future..  it should be able to genrate its own content, and have a database of profiles
either sent with instructions, or overall


10) say goodbye to all mass surveillance...with a decent amount of people fighting back like THIS.. 
    they won't last forever :)

    kudos to NSA.. this is what you get for fucking with me, and stealing my technology..
    oh well.. next time you'll reconsider :)
